santé and I know in one of my last
videos I was telling you guys I was
ordering hair so I just want to let you
guys know how that went
um I did purchase my hair from
Aliexpress NuStar I don't even know how
to pronounce the word but I think its
guns all guns down
I don't know this guns all NuStar hair
but I'm just going to call it new start
um the hair I just received it yesterday
I've already washed it and conditioned
it and just got it installed into my
natural hair and it actually is amazing
I really like the hair the inches that I
did purchase was 22
the inches I purchased was 20 22 26 and
28 in the bundles when I tell you they
are extremely thick they are extremely
thick like I have a big head and most of
the time when I'm putting my bundles and
I would need like four or five bundles
at the most let me tell you I basically
only use three whole bundles and still
had hair left and it was amazing that I
never I've never perched I've never
purchased that much hair and had hair
left over but this is the 20 inch bundle
and look how nice and thick those
Wealth's are and it's just really
overall very Saul's very 6:13 very
platinum it has a very nice texture to
it and this is the Brazilian body lead
and like I said this is the 20 inch and
it's just so nice really really nice by
really big you can rub your fingers to
it and this is just taking it straight
out of the pack and like I said I did
have this bundle left over and I did
have a little bit of tracks left over I
think from the 22 inch but
that's a lot and look how long it is but
that's crazy how long it is and um yeah
so what's installing my actual head
right now is 28 26 22 and it I love it
it's very very very thick
I wanted my hair kind of skin straight I
wanted my hair trying to skin straight
so I just you know um flat ironed it
because if they come in the body leave
and when you wash it their body weight
does come back maybe not as definite but
it definitely does come back and I would
say so far within straightening and
stalling and everything else with my
hair it has been very successful now I
will give you guys a one-month update on
it to let you know how everything went
over how nice the hair did in if it's
been giving me any tangles or anything
but so far has been awesome and it's
very very minimal shedding so I would
say for it to be over prior to be
processed hair and white blonde that is
a great deal because I only paid I want
to say maybe two hundred and forty
dollars they had a $10 coupon off and
they had fifteen or twenty percent off
as well with free shipping so that's
always a plus and it just was overall
real good experience for me I will say
I'm a couple of the things I did not
like about the hair is when I got it it
was a little pricey in the way you can
tone the brass out is you know
Washington with shimmer eyes and stuff
but instead of doing I wanted to give
you guys the full review so I did not I
did not do the shimmer lights on it but
I just washed it and everything when I
washed it took some of the brass out of
it um separating the tracks from the
actual roll it took some of the brass
away from it to you but you got it not a
deal-breaker to me honest
because the quality of the hair is
really good
so far um another thing I want to say is
I did order the hair Tuesday last
Tuesday and it told me that the hair
would be here in three to five days I've
known a lot of Aliexpress peoples who
have on very fast shipping this
particular business NuStar I'm not going
to say that it was slow but I will say I
didn't get my hair until on yesterday
and yesterday was Thursday that's not a
big deal but I kind of wanted my hair
when I wanted my hair you know I mean
but of course I don't know if that was
actually neustar's for the Postal
Service fault because they said that the
particular arm shipping nachos which was
pH L setting it and shipped to my house
which is crazy because I mean I've
bought from DHL before in a ship to my
house
so I don't know crazy bomb yeah the hair
so far is really nice it's really big
and it's very very long very long and
it's very thick I mean it's really long
so I am pleased with it I would say you
guys should invest in and I would
definitely invest in the new star white
blonde hair again um this is my first
time working with this vendor and I did
trellis attraction on YouTube she's the
one who basically made a video on the
new star so that is why I really
purchased the hair so I don't know just
let me know what you guys think um this
is not a funnel this is actually my real
hair that I've bleached to white blonde
so you can check out my video in the
link below to my journey of going to
white blonde from practically black and
green hair but just let me know what you
guys think if you guys like the white
blonde look on me um and if you're going
to purchase from the vendor and they
also do lace frontals they do have black
and white blonde and it also had black
hair as well
so I don't know it's just a lot of
options if you wanted to buy something
from them so just let me know what you
guys decide to do and and I'll be back
to give you guys a one month update on
this hair and don't forget to comment
like and subscribe see